# Welcome to Schedule-4-Me!

Many scheduling applications exist, but very few or none plan your week for you. In order to benefit those who struggle to prioritize their to-do lists and complete tasks on time, our group decided to create a product which simplifies, streamlines, and automates the scheduling process. Schedule-4-Me is intended to plan out a user’s weekly schedule with ease. A user simply defines recurring activities and creates tasks with appropriate due dates, priorities, and durations. Then, the application optimizes the user’s weekly schedule in a preset format.
Our final product is a web application that functions as a one-time visit from the user, functioning to automate the task of creating an efficient schedule (starting Monday) from the tasks you have to accomplish over the week. Schedule-4-Me allows users to connect a Google account if desired. If the user does not have a Google account or does not wish to login with it, he or she will still be able to create a schedule and download it as a text file. However, if the user does login, he or she will be able to import a Google Sheets To Do List which auto-populates tasks. This makes the task creation process easier and much quicker. Additionally, a logged-in user will be able to export their final schedule as a Google Doc.

Note: This project is currently not hosted, so you will not be able to run the Django app as a superuser and use it. However, you can view a demo [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-7urMHIIdZeQEPv78phk1S9Uu95BKINM/view?usp=sharing) (this was recorded in April 2021, a few months after the project was originally completed)
